calculators.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Calculators
subtitle: My calculators collection
published: true
comments: true
image_sliders:
  - slider_hp12c
  - slider_mk52
---

I love vintage calculators! These are the one I own:
- [Hewlett Packard](#hewlett-packard)
  - [HP 48sx](#hp-48sx)
  - [HP 41c](#hp-41c)
  - [HP 12c](#hp-12c)
  - [HP 42s](#hp-42s)
  - [HP 50g](#hp-50g)
  - [HP Prime](#hp-prime)
  - [HP 48g+](#hp-48g)
  - [HP 48g](#hp-48g-1)
  - [HP 32s II](#hp-32s-ii)
- [Электроника](#электроника)
  - [Электроника MK-52](#электроника-mk-52)
- [Casio](#casio)
  - [Casio fx-880P Personal Computer](#casio-fx-880p-personal-computer)
  - [Casio fx-7000GA](#casio-fx-7000ga)
- [Texas Instrument](#texas-instrument)
  - [TI-30 Galaxy](#ti-30-galaxy)

# Hewlett Packard

This pictures shows some of my HP's calculators:
![](../assets/img/hp-collection.jpeg)

## HP 48sx

This HP 48sx was the one I studied with. I must have bought it around 1993. Before this one, I had an HP48s, which I then sold to buy this one, because it was expandible. I also have a 128K memory card and the original book.

It was manufactured in Singapore in February 1993.

![](../assets/img/hp48sx.jpg)

## HP 41c

I acquired this HP-41C in July 2022. It was manufactured in 1980 in the USA. I also have the Math Pac (+book), Navigation Pac (+book) and a Quad Memory module.

## HP 12c

The HP 12c is the legendary programmable financial calculator of the HP Voyager series. In continual production since its introduction in 1981, it is HP's longest and best-selling product.

{% include slider.html selector="slider_hp12c" %}

This HP-12c, with gold-colored plate, characteristic of the original models, was manufactured in October 1983 in Brazil. I acquired it in December 2021. I then acquired the book in April 2022.

## HP 42s

The 42s was the successor of the 41C computer. I acquired this HP-42s in 2021. It was manufactured in Singapore in April 1992.

![](../assets/img/hp42s.jpg)

## HP 50g

I acquired this HP 50g Graphing calculator in June 2022. Previously it belonged to a spanish student in industrial engineering, who bought it from an electrical engineering student.

![](../assets/img/hp50g/hp50g_pouch.jpg)

## HP Prime

I acquired this HP Prime Graphing calculator in June 2022. I bought it from a student in economics who said she only used it twice.

![](../assets/img/prime/prime-booklet.jpg)

## HP 48g+

![](../assets/img/hp48g+/front.jpeg)

This HP48g+ was manufactured in Indonesia in May 2001. It has a black LCD screen. I acquired it in May 22, with the 3 books.

## HP 48g

![](../assets/img/hp48g.jpg)

It was manufactured in Singapore in February 1995. I acquired it in April 22. I also have the "user guide" book.

## HP 32s II

![](../assets/img/hp32sII.jpg)

It was manufactured in Singapore in May 1995.

# Электроника

## Электроника MK-52

The Микрокалькулятор (microcalculator MK) Электроника MK-52 is an iconic programmable calculator from the soviet era. It was the first (and only?) calculator equiped with an EEPROM as permanent storage, allowing the user to save and restore up to 105 programming steps and 15 registers. It could also be expanded using ROM modules thanks to its ROM slot. It has a green vacuum fluorescent display (vfd).

The MK52 were manufactured from 1982 until 1994 at the Quasar and Kvadr plants in Ukraine. The MK-52 is known for having flown into space in the Soyuz TM-7 mission to the MIR station in 1988-1989. It was then preloaded with navegation programs and was meant to be used as backup to flight computers if needed.

{% include slider.html selector="slider_mk52" %}

I acquired this MK52 in May 2022. It came from Ukraine. According to the serial number, it was built in November 1993. Along with the calculator, I have both original instructions books (in russian) and the schematics diagram.

Reference:
- [Museum of soviet calculators](https://elektronika.su/en/calculators/elektronika-mk-52/)
- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elektronika_MK-52)

# Casio

## Casio fx-880P Personal Computer

I bought this fx-880P in Octobre 2021. It belonged to a spanish architect. I have the complete box, with the cover, cheatsheet, and the book (Spanish edition).

Although I put it here, it's rather a *personal pocket computer* than a calculator.

Manufacturing date and location are unknown (I don't know how to decode the serial number).

![](../assets/img/casio-fx880p.jpg)

## Casio fx-7000GA

![](../assets/img/casiofx7000ga.jpg)

# Texas Instrument

## TI-30 Galaxy

This TI-30 Galaxy was my first scientific calculator. I got it in January 1987.

![](../assets/img/ti30galaxy.jpg)

Commit message:

add pictures of HP-41C on separate page

calculators.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Calculators
subtitle: My calculators collection
published: true
comments: true
image_sliders:
  # - slider_hp41c
  - slider_hp12c
  - slider_mk52
---

I love vintage calculators! Here's my humble collection:
- [Hewlett Packard](#hewlett-packard)
  - [HP 48sx](#hp-48sx)
  - [HP 41c](#hp-41c)
  - [HP 12c](#hp-12c)
  - [HP 42s](#hp-42s)
  - [HP 50g](#hp-50g)
  - [HP Prime](#hp-prime)
  - [HP 48g+](#hp-48g)
  - [HP 48g](#hp-48g-1)
  - [HP 32s II](#hp-32s-ii)
- [Электроника](#электроника)
  - [Электроника MK-52](#электроника-mk-52)
- [Casio](#casio)
  - [Casio fx-880P Personal Computer](#casio-fx-880p-personal-computer)
  - [Casio fx-7000GA](#casio-fx-7000ga)
- [Texas Instrument](#texas-instrument)
  - [TI-30 Galaxy](#ti-30-galaxy)

# Hewlett Packard

This pictures shows some of my HP's calculators:
![](../assets/img/hp-collection.jpeg)

## HP 48sx

This HP 48sx was the one I studied engineering with. I must have bought it around 1993. Before this one, I owned an HP48s which I sold to buy this one because it was expandable. I also have a 128K memory card and the original user manual.

It was manufactured in Singapore in February 1993.

![](../assets/img/hp48sx.jpg)

## HP 41c

I acquired this HP-41C in July 2022. It was manufactured in 1980 in Corvallis, Oregon (USA). I also have two applications modules with books: Math I pac and Navigation pac as well as a Quad Memory module and the card reader with magnetic cards.

[![](../../assets/img/hp41c/hp41c_01.jpg)](/pages/hp41c/)

See more [pictures of my HP-41C](/pages/hp41c/).

## HP 12c

The HP 12c is the legendary programmable financial calculator of the HP Voyager series. In continual production since its introduction in 1981, it is HP's longest and best-selling product.

{% include slider.html selector="slider_hp12c" %}

This HP-12c, with gold-colored plate, characteristic of the original models, was manufactured in October 1983 in Brazil. I acquired it in December 2021. I then acquired the book in April 2022.

## HP 42s

The 42s was the successor of the 41C computer. I acquired this HP-42s in 2021. It was manufactured in Singapore in April 1992.

![](../assets/img/hp42s.jpg)

## HP 50g

I acquired this HP 50g Graphing calculator in June 2022. Previously it belonged to a spanish student in industrial engineering, who bought it from an electrical engineering student.

![](../assets/img/hp50g/hp50g_pouch.jpg)

## HP Prime

I acquired this HP Prime Graphing calculator in June 2022. I bought it from a student in economics who said she only used it twice.

![](../assets/img/prime/prime-booklet.jpg)

## HP 48g+

![](../assets/img/hp48g+/front.jpeg)

This HP48g+ was manufactured in Indonesia in May 2001. It has a black LCD screen. I acquired it in May 22, with the 3 books.

## HP 48g

![](../assets/img/hp48g.jpg)

It was manufactured in Singapore in February 1995. I acquired it in April 22. I also have the "user guide" book.

## HP 32s II

![](../assets/img/hp32sII.jpg)

It was manufactured in Singapore in May 1995.

# Электроника

## Электроника MK-52

The Микрокалькулятор (microcalculator MK) Электроника MK-52 is an iconic programmable calculator from the soviet era. It was the first (and only?) calculator equiped with an EEPROM as permanent storage, allowing the user to save and restore up to 105 programming steps and 15 registers. It could also be expanded using ROM modules thanks to its ROM slot. It has a green vacuum fluorescent display (vfd).

The MK52 were manufactured from 1982 until 1994 at the Quasar and Kvadr plants in Ukraine. The MK-52 is known for having flown into space in the Soyuz TM-7 mission to the MIR station in 1988-1989. It was then preloaded with navegation programs and was meant to be used as backup to flight computers if needed.

{% include slider.html selector="slider_mk52" %}

I acquired this MK52 in May 2022. It came from Ukraine. According to the serial number, it was built in November 1993. Along with the calculator, I have both original instructions books (in russian) and the schematics diagram.

Reference:
- [Museum of soviet calculators](https://elektronika.su/en/calculators/elektronika-mk-52/)
- [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elektronika_MK-52)

# Casio

## Casio fx-880P Personal Computer

I bought this fx-880P in Octobre 2021. It belonged to a spanish architect. I have the complete box, with the cover, cheatsheet, and the book (Spanish edition).

Although I put it here, it's rather a *personal pocket computer* than a calculator.

Manufacturing date and location are unknown (I don't know how to decode the serial number).

![](../assets/img/casio-fx880p.jpg)

## Casio fx-7000GA

![](../assets/img/casiofx7000ga.jpg)

# Texas Instrument

## TI-30 Galaxy

This TI-30 Galaxy was my first scientific calculator. I got it in January 1987.

![](../assets/img/ti30galaxy.jpg)
